# How do I enter domains to be added to a certificate? {#concept_gsh_crp_ydb .concept}

After you have placed an order for a digital certificate, go to the certificate service console to complete the information for certificate review. Through the console, you can enter the information about the domains. The certificate is issued with HTTPS service availability only if the domains have been entered correctly.

The certificate services console then prompts you with the type of domains to enter based on the certificate you have purchased.

## What is a wildcard domain? {#section_vjs_crp_ydb .section}

A wildcard domain is a domain that begins with “\*”. For example, \*.a.com is a correct wildcard domain, however, \*.\*.a.com is incorrect.

**Note:** In this scenario, a wildcard domain counts as one domain. For information about how a wildcard works for domains, see [What domains are supported by an “all-subdomains” wildcard certificate](intl.en-US/FAQ/What domains are supported by an "all-subdomains" wildcard certificate?.md#).

## What is a common domain? {#section_wjs_crp_ydb .section}

A common domain is a specific domain, and is not a wildcard domain. For example, www.a.com or a.com is a common domain. The numbers of common domains can be added to a certificate depends on the number of domains specified in your certificate order.

**Note:** A specific subdomain such as buy.example.com or next.buy.example.com is regarded as separate domains.

## How domain information relates to CSR {#section_cmn_vdj_b2b .section}

-   If you choose to manually create the CSR file, then the domain \(CN attribute\) in the CSR file must be one of the domains added to your certificate. When both wildcard and common domains are included in the domain information, use a common domain as the CN attribute of the CSR file. For more information about the CSR file, see [How to create a CSR file](intl.en-US/FAQ/How do I create a CSR file?.md#).
-   If you choose to use the CSR generated by system function, the system automatically selects the first domain you entered as the CN attribute value in the CSR file. When both wildcard and common domains are included in the domain information, place a common domain as the first domain.

