# Why should I use a private key without a password {#concept_avy_rdv_ydb .concept}

Private keys are required when you configure the digital certificate services in other Alibaba Cloud products. If the private key is password-protected, the cloud product can neither use the key nor decrypt it using the certificate, which can make the HTTPS service unavailable. To prevent this issue, provide a private key that is not password-protected.

That is, remove password-protection when generating and uploading a private key. Then, the CSR file can be generated by using this private key. For more information about private keys, see [What is a public key and a private key](reseller.en-US/FAQ/What is a public key and a private key.md#).

## How do I remove the password-protection from a private key? {#section_vms_sdv_ydb .section}

To remove password-protection from a private key, use the [OpenSSL tool](http://www.openssl.org/source/) to run the following command:

```
openssl rsa -in encryedprivate.key -out unencryed.key
```

Where,

-   `encryedprivate.key` indicates a password-protected private key.
-   `unencryed.key` indicates a private key where the password is removed. Either .key or .pem can be used as the extension.

## What private keys are password protected? {#section_xms_sdv_ydb .section}

Use a text editor tool to open your private key file. The file is password protected if a section of the file looks similar to either of the following examples:

-   PKCS \#8 Private key encryption formatPKCS \#8 private key encryption format

    ```
    
    -----BEGIN ENCRYPTED PRIVATE KEY-----
    ...... BASE64 Private key contents
    -----END ENCRYPTED PRIVATE KEY-----
    ```

-   OpenSSL ASN format

    ```
    
    -----BEGIN RSA PRIVATE KEY-----
    Proc-Type: 4,ENCRYPTED
    DEK-Info:DES-EDE3-CBC,4D5D1AF13367D726
    ...... BASE64 Private key contents
    -----END RSA PRIVATE KEY-----
    ```


**Note:** The Keytool generates password-protected keys only. But, a key can be converted into a non-password-protected file. For more information about the conversion method, see [What formats are used for mainstream digital certificates](reseller.en-US/FAQ/What formats are used for mainstream digital certificates.md#).

